NxWidgets
---------

  Title:        LARGE BITMAP SUPPORT
  Description:  In CImage, m_origin.x and .y need to be allowed to go
                negative so that you can pan through a large image.
  Status:       Open
  Priority:     Low

  Title:        GLYPH BACKGROUNDS
  Description:  For most glyphs, background could is set to the currently
                selected background color.  An option should be to set the
                background of glyphs (only) to transparent.
  Status:       Open
  Priority:     Low for now

  Title:        MESSAGE BOX
  Description:  Need the moral equivalent of a Windows message box:  A
                simple, model window that provides a message a button to
                dismiss the message.  This would be helpful, for example,
                to handle behaviors on errors instead of just failing
                quietly.
  Status:       Open
  Priority:     Low.  Nothing depends on this now.

NxWM
----

 (4) General NxWMIssues
 (0) NxTerm Issues
 (0) CHexCalculator Issues
 (3) CMediaPlayer Issues
 (1) Platform specific Issues

See also the NuttX TODO list graphics/ section for related issues.

o General NxWM Issues
  -------------------

  Title:       DISPLAY INTIALIZATION
  Description: During the initialization of the display, the basic frame of the
               start window is drawn momentarily.  This is just the empty window
               frame.  This is a consequence of how NX creates windows:  The
               are enabled all of the time so the windows are visible when they
               are being created. The solution would be to add some disable
               logic in NX so that that nothing gets displayed when a window
               is created until it is fully initialized and enable.
  Status:      Open
  Priority:    Medium

  Title:       DRAGGING ACROSS WINDOWS
  Description: Need some indication if the touch/mouse drags from one window to
               another then is release.  Release event is lost in this case.
  Status:      Open
  Priority:    Low.  ICON just stays selected and must be touched again.

  Title:       AUTO-RAISE DISABLED
  Description: Auto-raise is currently disabled in nuttx for NX multi-server
               mode.  The
               reason is complex:
               - Most touchscreen controls send touch data a high rates
               - In multi-server mode, touch events get queued in a message
                  queue.
               - The logic that receives the messages performs the auto-raise.
                 But it can do stupid things after the first auto-raise as
                 it opperates on the stale data in the message queue.
               I am thinking that auto-raise ought to be removed from NuttX
               and moved out into a graphics layer (like NxWM) that knows
               more about the appropriate context to do the autoraise.
  Status:      Open
  Priority:    Medium low

  Title:       COMBINE CTouchscreen AND CKeyboard THREADS
  Description: Right now, two separate threads handle touchscreen and keyboard/
               console input.  Each just waits on read() and when toushcscreen
               or keyboard input is received, it injects the data into NX.
               These two threads should be combined into one thread that waits
               on poll for read data from either device.  Then when read data
               becomes ready for either device, it could perform the read and
               data inject from a single thread.
  Status:      Open
  Priority:    Low, this is not a product but a  text example.  If NxWM were
               to be productized, this change should be done in order to reduce
               stack memory consumption.

o NxTerm Issues
  ----------------

o CHexCalculator Issues
  ---------------------

o CMediaPlayer Issues
  -------------------

  Title:       SCROLLING FILE LIST
  Description: Current implementation uses a CListBox which can only show a
               fixed number of files.  Perhaps CMediaPlayer should use
               something like CScrollingTextBox.
  Status:      Open
  Priority:    Low for now

  Title:       PLAY PROGRESS FEEDBACK
  Decription:  Need a way to know the position in the file, how long the
               file is (in minutes), and an indication when playing
               complete.
  Status:      Open
  Priorit:     Medium.  Certain affect usability.

  Title:       NO BALANCE/TONE/EQUALIZER CONTORLS
  Description: The title says it all
  Status:      Open
  Priority:    Medium.  That is big functional limitation.

o Platform specific Issues
  ------------------------

  Title:       BUGS WHEN CANNOT READ FROM LCD
  Description: There is a kludge in the code to handle the case where we cannot
               read the background data because the LCD does not support read
               operations.  You cannot read from the STM3240G-EVAL LCD right
               now (it might be possible, but I have not figured out how yet).

               In that case, we just use the default background color.  However,
               that doesn't work either for the case where the background color
               changes when the widget is selected.  Then the background color
               in the font is wrong.  There is a hack in in CButtonArrary that
               fixed this problem, but the problem certainly exists in other
               places as well and begs for a better solution.
  Status:      Open
  Priority:    Medium-Low

